Add more context to AirGradient introduction (#37937)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/airgradient.markdown

---

The AirGradient integration will fetch data from your [AirGradient devices](https://www.airgradient.com/).

> AirGradient creates open-source air monitors that measure a wide variety of metrics.

Author: @airgradienthq do you have any recommendations for a better text? I am looking to implement https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/core/integration-quality-scale/rules/docs-high-level-description, but I have a slight trouble between making it objective and making it an advertisement (and we want to avoid going 100% ad because then you would have integration pages claiming they are the best and greatest)

> AirGradient creates open-source air monitors that measure a wide variety of metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AirGradient creates indoor and outdoor air quality monitors that enable you know if the air quality is healthy or not. They measure metrics such as PM2.5, CO2, TVOCs, and NOx. Both the software and hardware are open-source, allowing you to customize or extend the device functionality. 
```
